Despite it taking me far too long to write the solution to part 2 due to a
really stupid bug that I didn't think could be there due to the functional
solution to part 1 providing the correct answer. I'm pretty happy with the
results.

Admittedly it took me more time that I would have liked to get part 1 done,
because apparently I can't do relatively basic maths on a Sunday morning,
next time perhaps just use _ % 2 and an if rather than trying to floor and ceil
my way around only wanting odd square roots. Regardless, I'm mostly happy with
my initial solution to part 1. Although it is very specific to the problem at
hand.

Part 2 I'm quite pleased with the end result and while it's probably not the
best Scala ever written and I'm sure there's a better way to handle storing and
summing the neighbour values than ArrayBuffer[ArrayBuffer[Int]]. That aside, if
the Int typing were removed it would work for arbitrarily large input (where
arbitrarily large is bounded by memory and any size limits on ArrayBuffer).
And that was my main goal when writing it. One improvement to free up memory
would be to replace the permanent stream for point lookup with a
lookup function that iteratively generates the point stream and returns the
index, storing no data about it. We'd be trading processor time to handle yet
larger input.

We'd still run into issues caused by the ArrayBuffer[ArrayBuffer[Int]] for
storing neighbour values. But, worst case, if n is the ring of the spiral memory
we have (2n+1)**2 - (2n-1)**2 neighbour sets to keep track of, and at most 8
neighbour values per set. Storing 8*((2n+1)**2 - (2n-1)**2) values, even with
overhead for the ArrayBuffers should be significantly less than the (2n+1)**2
values you need to store to keep track of the entire memory space to a given
ring.

Adding to the ArrayBuffer could be more efficient too, right now it adds a small
number of additional ArrayBuffers every step through. More efficient would be to
do the allocation in terms of rings. Whenever we step out a ring, allocate the
entire next ring to the buffer.

Having examined other scala solutions to the problem, I think it's clear I
overengineered a little trying to be clever. Specifically only storing grid
values as we're processing rather than storing in a Map[(Int, Int), Int] or
other structure. Other solutions made interesting use of traits and case objects
to which certainly resulted in more readable code.
